# Analysis of multi-way chromatin interactions from very long sequencing reads
The main purpose of the thesis was developed python based software which implement in reproducible manner workflow generating "chromosomal walk" from Hi-C data. The thesis include notable part of the analysis introduced in article published in Nature in 2016 "Capturing pairwise and multi-way chromosomal conformations using "chromosomal walk".
Study conduct in this paper is worth to recreate particularly due to the novelty of research. Another value is that we can validate the results and prove that with the same data we come to the same conclusion. Furthermore it has significant value because we could detect some technical errors and shortcomings, sometimes more than we could expect. Provided workflow allow to reproduce the study on the same or similar data.

It is fundamental to understand what the different chromatin interactions that are present in the nucleus look like. "Chromosomal walks" are not utilitarian in themselves but they aid to understand in which manner gene promoters, transcription factors and the regulatory elements that control them are spatially located and what are the relations between them. Various properties of contacts within one topological domain are also investigated and also has been shown that these contacts are usually limited within one. Additionally have been examined influence of quantity transcription binding sites, mainly CTCF-TF, in obtained "chromosomal walk".
